Add backup_config attribute to cockroach_cluster resource (#242)
cockroachdb/terraform-provider-cockroach: docs/resources/cluster.md

### Optional

- `backup_config` (Attributes) The backup settings for a cluster.

>  Each cluster has backup settings that determine if backups are enabled, how frequently they are taken, and how long they are retained for. Use this attribute to manage those settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup_config))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Each cluster has backup settings that determine if backups are enabled, how frequently they are taken, and how long they are retained for. Use this attribute to manage those settings. Refer to [Nested Schema for `backup_config`](#nestedatt--backup_config).
```
Like the other instance, wondering if you could just use the section header for Nester Schemas here, instead of the anchor link.

- `ui_dns` (String) DNS name used when connecting to the DB Console for the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--backup_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_config`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether backups are enabled. If set to false, no backups will be created.
- `frequency_minutes` (Number) The frequency of backups in minutes.  Valid values are [5, 10, 15, 30, 60, 240, 1440]

> - `retention_days` (Number) The number of days to retain backups for.  Valid values are [2, 7, 30, 90, 365]. Can only be set once, further changes require opening a support ticket. See [Updating backup retention](../guides/updating-backup-retention) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `retention_days` (Number) The number of days to retain backups for.  Valid values are [2, 7, 30, 90, 365]. Can only be set once, further changes require opening a support ticket. Refer to [Updating backup retention](../guides/updating-backup-retention) for more information.
```
